The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because it's too large 
The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because it's too small 
The man couldn't lift his son because he was so weak 
The man couldn't lift his son because he was so heavy 
I was trying to balance the bottle upside down on the table, but I couldn't do it because it was so top-heavy 
I was trying to balance the bottle upside down on the table, but I couldn't do it because it was so uneven 
I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because it was too high 
I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because it was too tall 
I can't cut that tree down with that axe; it is too thick 
The table won't fit through the doorway because it is too wide 
The table won't fit through the doorway because it is too narrow 
John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because he is so short 
John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because he is so tall 
The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't reach it 
The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because they feared violence 
The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because they advocated violence 
The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because it was going so slow 
Anna did a lot better than her good friend Lucy on the test because she had studied so hard 
Anna did a lot worse than her good friend Lucy on the test because she had studied so hard 
The firemen arrived after the police because they were coming from so far away 
The firemen arrived before the police because they were coming from so far away 
The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we rescued them 
The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we punished them 
I spread the cloth on the table in order to protect it 
I spread the cloth on the table in order to display it 
Ann asked Mary what time the library closes, because she had forgotten 
The sack of potatoes had been placed above the bag of flour, so it had to be moved first 
The sack of potatoes had been placed below the bag of flour, so it had to be moved first 
Susan knew that Ann's son had been in a car accident, so she told her about it 
Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because she had such a good start 
Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because she had such a bad start 
Since it was raining, I carried the newspaper over my backpack to keep it dry 
Since it was raining, I carried the newspaper in my backpack to keep it dry 
Sam took French classes from Adam, because he was eager to speak it fluently 
Sam took French classes from Adam, because he was known to speak it fluently 
Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that she could sleep 
John promised Bill to leave, so an hour later he left 
John ordered Bill to leave, so an hour later he left 
Madonna fired her trainer because she slept with her boyfriend 
Madonna fired her trainer because she slept with her boyfriend 
If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, he would have gotten a lot of money 
John hired himself out to Bill to take care of him 
Madonna fired her trainer because she couldn't stand her boyfriend 
Esther figures that she will save shipping costs if she builds her factory in Springfield instead of Franklin, because most of her customers live there 
Esther figures that she will save shipping costs if she builds her factory in Springfield instead of Franklin, because none of her customers live there 
When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave him a sympathetic look 
When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave him a stern look 
George got free tickets to the play, but he gave them to Eric because he was particularly eager to see it 
George got free tickets to the play, but he gave them to Eric because he was not particularly eager to see it 
Frank was upset with Tom because the toaster he had bought from him didn't work 
Frank was upset with Tom because the toaster he had sold him didn't work 
Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, he would have lost 
The sculpture rolled off the shelf because it wasn't anchored 
The sculpture rolled off the shelf because it wasn't level 
In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, they were defeated within weeks 
The large ball crashed right through the table because it was made of steel 
The large ball crashed right through the table because it was made of styrofoam 
Jim yelled at Kevin because he was so upset 
Jim comforted Kevin because he was so upset 
Pete envies Martin because he is very successful 
Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because she is nosy 
Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because she is indiscreet 
It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because it was hot 
Elizabeth moved her company from Sparta to Troy to save money on taxes; the taxes are much higher there 
Elizabeth moved her company from Sparta to Troy to save money on taxes; the taxes are much lower there 
Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because he was full 
Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because he was hungry 
Jane gave Joan candy because she wasn't hungry 
Jane gave Joan candy because she was hungry 
Kirilov ceded the presidency to Shatov because he was more popular 
Kirilov ceded the presidency to Shatov because he was less popular 
The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. They were very cooperative, so the interview lasted for a long time 
The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. They were very persistent, so the interview lasted for a long time 
Frank felt crushed when his longtime rival Bill revealed that he was the winner of the competition 
Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because his \"Dibs!\" was quicker 
Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because his \"Dibs!\" was slow 
Bill passed the gameboy to John because his turn was over 
Bill passed the gameboy to John because his turn was next 
I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that it would be handy 
Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. They are popular because Paul writes so well 
I poured water from the bottle into the cup until it was full 
I poured water from the bottle into the cup until it was empty 
We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so it was a dangerous place to swim 
John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. He was very impressed 
John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. He was very impressive 
I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, it had a hole 
Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, he would be here by this time 
We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so it was a safer place to swim 
I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because it got full of ink 
I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because it got full of coffee 
Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. He is very hurt 
Beth didn't get angry with Sally, who had cut her off, because she stopped and apologized 
In the middle of the outdoor concert, the rain started falling, but it continued until 10 
Beth didn't get angry with Sally, who had cut her off, because she stopped and counted to ten 
Tom gave Ralph a lift to school so he wouldn't have to walk 
Tom gave Ralph a lift to school so he wouldn't have to drive alone 
The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't use it 
In the middle of the outdoor concert, the rain started falling, and it continued until 10 
The drain is clogged with hair. It has to be cleaned 
The customer walked into the bank and stabbed one of the tellers. He was immediately taken to the hospital 
I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put it in the drawer 
I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put it in the trash 
Emma's mother had died long ago, and her education had been managed by an excellent woman as governess 
The drain is clogged with hair. It has to be removed 
Joe saw his brother skiing on TV last night but the fool didn't recognize him 
Sid explained his theory to Mark but he couldn't convince him 
Sid explained his theory to Mark but he couldn't convince him 
James asked Robert for a favor but he was refused 
James asked Robert for a favor but he refused 
Joe paid the detective after he received the final report on the case 
Paul tried to call George on the phone, but he wasn't available 
Emma's mother had died long ago, and her place had been taken by an excellent woman as governess 
Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date he had been dead for five years 
The woman held the girl against her chest 
The woman held the girl against her will 
The father carried the sleeping boy in his arms 
The man lifted the boy onto his shoulders 
Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from barking at the party, leaving us to wonder why she was behaving so strangely 
Dr. Adams informed Kate that she had cancer and presented several options for future treatment 
Sam's drawing was hung just above Tina's and it did look much better with another one below it 
Sam's drawing was hung just above Tina's and it did look much better with another one above it 
Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help she had received 
Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help she had given 
Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after he reached the top of the stairs 
Bob paid for Charlie's college education. He is very generous 
The fish ate the worm. It was tasty 
The fish ate the worm. It was hungry 
Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. He was very ill 
Paul tried to call George on the phone, but he wasn't successful 
Steve follows Fred's example in everything. He influences him hugely 
In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house 
Madonna fired her trainer because she couldn't stand her boyfriend 
The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. They began two years ago 
Bob paid for Charlie's college education. He is very grateful 
Steve follows Fred's example in everything. He influences him hugely 
Steve follows Fred's example in everything. He admires him hugely 
Steve follows Fred's example in everything. He admires him hugely 
Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. She was disappointed 
Joe paid the detective after he delivered the final report on the case 
I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that it would be lighter 
The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. They have gotten very nervous 
Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. He was very concerned 
Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. They are gripped because Paul writes so well 
As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, his legs ached 
Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. He is very ungrateful 
Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date he had been travelling for five years 
The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to guard them 
Jane knocked on Susan's door but she did not get an answer 
Jane knocked on Susan's door but she did not answer 
The police arrested all of the gang members. They were trying to run the drug trade in the neighborhood 
If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, he would have lost a lot of money 
Fred watched TV while George went out to buy groceries. After an hour he got back 
Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. She is a very charming baby 
The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but it was too impatient 
Sid explained his theory to Mark but he couldn't understand him 
The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to kill them 
Joe has sold his house and bought a new one a few miles away. He will be moving out of it on Thursday 
In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get it repaired 
John hired Bill to take care of him 
Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. He is very cruel 
As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, his legs dangled 
The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because it was going so fast 
Joe has sold his house and bought a new one a few miles away. He will be moving into it on Thursday 
Lily spoke to Donna, breaking her concentration 
Lily spoke to Donna, breaking her silence 
Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. She is a very charming woman 
The police arrested all of the gang members. They were trying to stop the drug trade in the neighborhood 
The lawyer asked the witness a question, but he was reluctant to repeat it  
Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. She was out 
The lawyer asked the witness a question, but he was reluctant to answer it  
The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but it was too cautious 
Joe saw his brother skiing on TV last night but the fool didn't have a coat on 
I put the heavy book on the table and it broke 
Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from chatting at the party, leaving us to wonder why she was behaving so strangely 
Tom said \"Check\" to Ralph as he took his bishop 
Tom said \"Check\" to Ralph as he moved his bishop 
Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks it looks great on her 
Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks it looks dowdy on her 
Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though he lived two centuries earlier 
Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though he lived two centuries later 
Jane knocked on the door, and Susan answered it. She invited her to come in 
Jane knocked on the door, and Susan answered it. She invited her to come in 
Jane knocked on the door, and Susan answered it. She invited her to come out 
Jane knocked on the door, and Susan answered it. She invited her to come out 
I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, it left a hole 
As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, she could see the landing strip 
There is a gap in the wall. You can see the garden through it 
There is a gap in the wall. You can see the garden behind it 
The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. They have gotten very bold 
Emma did not pass the ball to Janie although she was open 
Pete envies Martin although he is very successful 
I'm sure that my map will show this building; it is very famous 
Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. He is very compassionate 
Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. They were embarrassed about it 
Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. They were furious about it 
John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. He was very annoyed 
John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. He was very annoying 
I was trying to open the lock with the key, but someone had filled the keyhole with chewing gum, and I couldn't get it out 
I was trying to open the lock with the key, but someone had filled the keyhole with chewing gum, and I couldn't get it in 
I'm sure that my map will show this building; it is very good 
Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She writes it when she gets home from work 
It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because it was cooler 
Emma did not pass the ball to Janie although she saw that she was open 
I saw Jim yelling at some guy in a military uniform with a huge red beard. I don't know why he was, but he looked very unhappy 
Sam and Amy are passionately in love, but Amy's parents are unhappy about it, because they are fifteen 
Sam and Amy are passionately in love, but Amy's parents are unhappy about it, because they are snobs 
In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, they were victorious within weeks 
When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. They were very much in the majority 
This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon a wind knocked it down 
This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the tide knocked it down 
Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but it was broken, so he had to stand instead 
The actress used to be named Terpsichore, but she changed it to Tina a few years ago, because she figured it was easier to pronounce 
The actress used to be named Terpsichore, but she changed it to Tina a few years ago, because she figured it was too hard to pronounce 
Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but they were not enough for the cold in Alaska 
Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. They hunted for deer on the river banks 
Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. They hunted for evidence on the river banks 
I put the cake away in the refrigerator. It has a lot of leftovers in it 
Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but they ended up looking more like dogs 
Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but they ended up looking more like golfers 
I tried to paint a picture of an orchard, with lemons in the lemon trees, but they came out looking more like light bulbs 
I tried to paint a picture of an orchard, with lemons in the lemon trees, but they came out looking more like telephone poles 
The painting in Mark's living room shows an oak tree. It is to the right of a house 
The painting in Mark's living room shows an oak tree. It is to the right of the bookcase 
The man lifted the boy onto his bunk bed 
Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though he is 30 years older 
Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though he is 30 years younger 
Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but it was broken, so he had to sing instead 
Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She reads it when she gets home from work 
The father carried the sleeping boy in his bassinet 
I can't cut that tree down with that axe; it is too small 
Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after he reached the bottom of the stairs 
The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. It waited at the top 
Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that she could work 
Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, he would be gone by this time 
Ann asked Mary what time the library closes, but she had forgotten 
Billy cried because Toby wouldn't share his toy 
Billy cried because Toby wouldn't accept his toy 
Fred was supposed to run the dishwasher, but he put it off, because he wanted to watch TV. But the show turned out to be boring, so he changed his mind and turned it on 
They broadcast an announcement, but a subway came into the station and I couldn't hear it 
They broadcast an announcement, but a subway came into the station and I couldn't hear over it 
We had hoped to place copies of our newsletter on all the chairs in the auditorium, but there were simply not enough of them 
The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, it was out 
As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, she could see the landing gear 
The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, it was gone 
Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, he would have won 
Look! There is a shark swimming right below that duck! It had better get away to safety fast! What needs to get away to safety 
Look! There is a minnow swimming right below that duck! It had better get away to safety fast! What needs to get away to safety 
Fred is the only man still alive who remembers my great-grandfather. He was a remarkable man 
Fred watched TV while George went out to buy groceries. After an hour he got up 
Susan knew that Ann's son had been in a car accident, because she told her about it 
The police left the house and went into the garage, where they found the murder weapon 
When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. They were very much in the minority 
The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. It waited at the bottom 
Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He lowered them when the wind stopped 
Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He opened them when the wind stopped 
The police left the house and went into the garage, after they found the murder weapon 
Tom's daughter Eva is engaged to Dr. Stewart, who is his partner. The two doctors have known one another for ten years 
Tom's daughter Eva is engaged to Dr. Stewart, who is his partner. The two lovers have known one another for ten years 
My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, it was delayed, so it worked out 
My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, it was short, so it worked out 
Dr. Adams informed Kate that she had retired and presented several options for future treatment 
Fred was supposed to run the dishwasher, but he put it off, because he wanted to watch TV. But the show turned out to be boring, so he changed his mind and turned it off 
I saw Jim yelling at some guy in a military uniform with a huge red beard. I don't know why he was, but he looked very unhappy 
I saw Jim yelling at some guy in a military uniform with a huge red beard. I don't know who he was, but he looked very unhappy 
Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. He should have been more skeptical 
Everyone really loved the oatmeal cookies; only a few people liked the chocolate chip cookies. Next time, we should make more of them 
Everyone really loved the oatmeal cookies; only a few people liked the chocolate chip cookies. Next time, we should make fewer of them 
Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now they should be unnecessary 
Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now they should be better 
There are too many deer in the park, so the park service brought in a small pack of wolves. The population should increase over the next few years 
There are too many deer in the park, so the park service brought in a small pack of wolves. The population should decrease over the next few years 
We had hoped to place copies of our newsletter on all the chairs in the auditorium, but there were simply too many of them 
Jim signaled the barman and gestured toward his empty glass 
Jim signaled the barman and gestured toward his bathroom key 
Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties he faced in his childhood 
Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties he faced in his research 
Stretching her back, the woman smiled at the girl 
Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, he was twelve years old 
Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, he was twelve months old 
Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has had it since she was a child 
Fred is the only man still alive who remembers my great-grandfather. He is a remarkable man 
Frank felt vindicated when his longtime rival Bill revealed that he was the winner of the competition 
Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has loved it since she was a child 
I put the butterfly wing on the table and it broke 
I put the cake away in the refrigerator. It has a lot of butter in it 
Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but they were not prepared for the cold in Alaska 
Patting her back, the woman smiled at the girl 
Bill thinks that calling attention to himself was rude to Bert 
Bill thinks that calling attention to himself was rude of Bert 
